# Incentive sync 2019-09-03
## Agenda ##
- Updates by team members
- Feedback on communication
- Contract deployment testing: [PR #1718](https://github.com/ethersphere/swarm/pull/1718)
- Owner/issuer terminology: [PR #1720](https://github.com/ethersphere/swarm/pull/1720)
- [`incentives` pending issues](https://hackmd.io/dcaxuAF9TBKwG9FutAICsw?view)

## Ralph
- working on Simplest SWAP PR, merged last night
- discussed refactoring in a meeting with the rest of Incentive team
- PR [#1725](https://github.com/ethersphere/swarm/pull/1725)

## Marcelo
- Worked on `incentives` â†’ `master` PR and creating issues out of it
- Training with Santiago
- PR [#1701](https://github.com/ethersphere/swarm/pull/1701)

## Rinke
- last edit's to the SWIPs, proposed to main repo
- PR making chequebook contract configurable

## Diego
- Completed multi-payment SWIP
- RIF Marketplace
- Lots of meetings at RSK

## Vojtech
- RIF Storage UI - answer to user story [#23](https://github.com/ethersphere/user-stories/issues/23)
- RIF Marketplace
- Identity externalisation
- Network testing

## Fabio
- Lots of meetings
- Finishing milestones
- Reviews
- Follow-up tasks (open PRs)

## Santiago
- busy training
- opened PR for the issue of renaming owner/issuer PR [#1720](https://github.com/ethersphere/swarm/pull/1720)
- Investigating separate logger for Swap Issue [#1593](https://github.com/ethersphere/swarm/issues/1593)
