# Incentive sync 2019-09-24
## Agenda ##

* Round of updates
* PRs to merge before devcon freeze
* `bzzNetworkId` and ethereum `networkId` issues
* initial deposit amount
* Sim PR
* chequebook / swap naming (again)
* node IDs (logger)
* Devcon preparation [TODO list](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Tvun3ku1Qpklihbk-RNxcKJIsvymWdcOELvplvTOke4/edit?usp=sharing)
    * What UI do we need?
    * `swarm-events` repo to put the whole content of breakout session in (similar to the [IPFS camp](https://github.com/ipfs/camp))
* Factories and local blockchains

## Round of updates
### Marcelo
- submitted/merged PRs, including stream bugfix
- PRs reviews, meetings 
- implemented SWAP for syncing 
    - deferred because postage will be implemented first
    - Viktor chipped in saying that swap for syncing can be implemented before postage. Fabio asked for clarity
- worked on RNS + logging together with Santiago

### Rinke
- chequebook persistance
- Devcon preparation

### Diego
- mostly working on reviewing SWIPs

### Fabio
- PR reviews, 
- couple of small PRs

### Ralph
- Error handling issue
- Work on implementing the smart-contract factory

### Vojtech
- Reviewing SWIPs
- Trying to get everything for Devcon breakout session happen
- A lot of interest for RIF Storage - meetings with "customers"
- Organisation about laBITconf (getting Storage panel)

### Santiago
- logger PR => merged
- reviewing other PRs
- RNS package reviewing

## PRs to merge before Devcon freeze
- [1789](https://github.com/ethersphere/swarm/pull/1789), deposit upon deployment 
- [1797](https://github.com/ethersphere/swarm/pull/1797), chequebook persistance
- smart-contract factory
- Thinking about Merge strategy => we merge 1797 into 1789. 

## Preliminary playbook
- Share with Victor

## Simulations PR
- Nobody is reviewing, 
- General feedback to PR review process => nobody feels responsible

## NetworkID
- Clearly seperate about which networkID we are talking
- 
