# Incentive sync 2019-09-17
## Agenda ##
* Round of updates
* Change of focus for Fabio
  - Fabio will step back from intensive development and focus on PR support and track lead for the team
* devcon preparations:
   * save and reload chequebook address
   - Prerequisite for deployments, being worked on by Rinke
   * define demo/workshop content
   - Rinke and Vojtech will take this on. Meeting scheduled for Friday
   * simulation framework for integration tests
   - Rafael will provide this week

* _Incentives first sim_ PR? (#1737)
* accounting in `stream`
* accomplishments for devcon + roadmap (?)
