# Track-Updates-Swarm - 10 June 2019 #

**Participants** : Fabio Barone <fabio@ethereum.org>, vojtech@iovlabs.org, mortelli@infuy.com, dmasini@iovlabs.org, elad@ethswarm.org, viktor@ethswarm.org, rhabdo@ethswarm.org, tim@ethswarm.org
**Time**: 16:00 - 17:30

## Update: Incentive Track (Fabio) ##
MVP document (Partner Document
First user story to tackle - Public nodes incentivisation #23
Epic Incentive Track: https://github.com/ethersphere/user-stories/issues/14

* Research Team funnel - how do we request input from the research team (Aron, Viktor, Daniel)

**Open Questions** :
* How do we TASK the Researchers for input?
* How to handle needs from other teams? (Incentives for Communication Track / PSS?)
* Is it part of the MVP for the Storage MVP
  **ANSWER: NOT PART OF THE STORAGE INCENTIVE MVP**
* Can we finalise Requirements for the MVP?

Resource Planning / Allocation:
* Identified Issues for the User-Stories

## Update: Communication Track (Louis) ##
MVP: https://github.com/ethersphere/user-stories/issues/8
Partner-Document (Status-Swarm): 

User-Story-Drafts from Louis https://github.com/nolash/swarm-adaptive-node
* Will be improved and converted to issues in the https://github.com/ethersphere/user-stories
* End by this week there will be more clarity about the resource demand
* End of next week User-Stories should be improved and in the doc
* Future changes will translate into changes in kademlia (pot. Contribution of Louis and Vlad).

More information here (Managed by Louis): https://github.com/nolash/swarm-adaptive-node
Information of the track from last bi-weekly: https://notes.status.im/swarm-adaptive-nodes?both

**Open Questions**:
* What is required SPAM implementation for Q3 (end of September)
  * Need for PRODUCTION release of the MVP for Status.im
* How do we do the network testing
Information General:
Update that there will be a session on Wednesday with Rafael as a point of contact for the simulation

## Update: Core Track (Elad, Viktor) ##
MVP: https://github.com/ethersphere/user-stories/issues/2
Improved Testing Framework

* Rework of the Syncer
  * Specc of the Syncer `https://hackmd.io/8MpWVxKvR_-sTSFsAxOCJQ`
* Implementation: Elad, Anton (?)

**Open Question**:
* Elad - pot. Hire (?): Algorithm focused person for testing and specification
  * On an abstract level higher than the implementation - sudo code / logic description
  * Would support separate implementation for status.im and oivlabs

Next Release 12.06.2019
* Anton usually gives the update
* Stability improvements and bugfixes (no-new-features?)
* 100 GB (experimental) from datafund

## Other Topics
Viktor Update (Off-Topic / Off Track but impacting all tracks potential):
Next-Week: devp2p to lipp2p transition - EPIC will come from Dimitry (Potential change after August). 


## Documentation (Process) ##
* Code-Repos for the documentation.
* Tim invited to help to contribute to a process for documentation (define process):https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1VbN7gW6L-5N4NygrU3yVR7K-2PzgAG6X4sAQaga3eB4/edit#slide=id.p

## Ethereum Headers on Swarm ##
* There is a prototype written by Piper and Viktor
* LINK to MVP
* Currently no track but a POC to show that and how it might work


## Next Meeting ##
* 17th of June
* Meeting structure will be improved. 
* Time will be reduced to 45 min.

Updates structure
* Communication Track (Louis, Vojtech)
* Core Track (Elad, Viktor)
* Incentive Track (Fabio)

