# Tracks sync  05.08.2019
=======
Please provide your written feedback to give an update about the current status of the track as well as writing down blockers and risks which need to be addressed from other dependent tracks.

Epics / User Stories
General Updates of the Track
Blockers and Resource planning

## Core Track (Anton, Viktor)

## Communication Track (Louis, Vojtech)
- Initial call with EPIC labs, will already start ramping up august, full work from september. We use own mattermost ch to coordinate
  * did PSS walkthrough with drafts of open issues as in https://cryptpad.fr/pad/#/2/pad/edit/uZ0ekYVFzW8XLNYzAkgvJHz8/ - Louis will add them to backlog issues
- Posted PR for suggestion of data representation in protocol specs (blocker for completing pss spec) https://github.com/nolash/SWIPs/blob/datatypes/SWIPs/swip-data-types-descriptions.md
  * pss spec will be posted as SWIP in md once the above is done

## Adaptive Node Track (Louis)
- PR for caps protocol still under review, one reneg (vik) one approval (elad) so far.
- Updated original adaptive node caps proposal in new SWIP format
- It is now again very unclear who is responsible for what. For example; the Status project main aim is spec of swarm node, I'm the contact for Status, but responsibility or the specs are placed in research track, making me responsible for something I have little influence over. **I don't want that.** This needs to be cleared up.
- Next week Dean and Oskar is coming to Berlin next week and we will hack together 

## Incentive Track (Fabio, Vojtech)
- Tension: most decisions are made in the research team but Fabio is responsible for implementation. Most of the questions outsourced to research, sometimes slow but wokrs so far.
- Still working on the big `incetives` to `master` PR, currently requested changes from Viktor, but Elad is in India and his internet connection is cut. This means the PR might be blocked until he gets online.
- Marcelo handling Viktor's comments today, number of open PRs by Rinke to be reviewed
- Fabio working on simulations on the side, we can use in process simulation which is nice
- [SWIP call about SWAPs](https://hackmd.io/iEsK4LblRN-4R4hGGRZeWQ?view). Next steps: unify some of them, make PRs, break down to issues.

## Network Testing Framework (Rafael)

## Ethereum state on Swarm (Viktor)
- Finalise Giveth campaign - the way we implement anonymous donation transparently
- iteration on EPIC, status is 
    - phase 0 tested
    - phase 1 tested in code, waiting to be tested with trinity
    - phase 2 dev halfway - see https://github.com/ethersphere/swarm/pull/1571 
- blocker issue resolve by PRs https://github.com/ethersphere/swarm/pull/1647, https://github.com/ethersphere/swarm/pull/1648
- Zahoor is gonna get onboarded week of 12th
- next meeting with Piper Thursday 15th 5pm

## Research (Viktor)

## Business (Viktor)
- launch legal/funding/intitutional strategy working group 

## Feedback
- It is unclear if the SWIP for adaptive nodes needs to be reapproved
